Baked raspberry cheesecake
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/bakedraspberrycheese_86567
James Martin
Ingredients 
23cm/9in ready-made sponge base
3 tbsp raspberry liqueur
200g/7oz caster sugar
1 lemon, zest and juice only
4 tbsp cornflour
850g/1lb 14oz full-fat cream cheese
3 free-range eggs
1 vanilla pod, seeds scraped out
375ml/13fl oz double cream
250g/9oz raspberries
150g/5oz white chocolate, roughly chopped
350g/11oz raspberries
3 tbsp raspberry liqueur
1 lemon, juice only
2 tbsp icing sugar, or to taste
200ml/7fl oz double cream, lightly whipped, to serve
Instructions 
Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4.
For the cheesecake, place the sponge base into the bottom of a 23cm/9in springform cake tin. Drizzle the liqueur over the sponge.
Place the sugar, lemon juice and zest and cornflour into a bowl and whisk together.


Technique: Zesting citrus fruit										        				







Watch technique
1:01 mins
Add the cream cheese and beat well. Crack in the eggs, one at a time, beating well between each addition. Add the vanilla seeds and mix well, then pour in the double cream and whisk until the mixture is smooth. Fold in the raspberries and white chocolate.
Pour the mixture into the cake tin and give the tin a light shake to evenly distribute the mixture.
Place the cake tin into a roasting tin filled to a depth of about 0.5cm/¼in with water. Transfer to the oven and bake for 50 minutes, or until the top is lightly golden and the cheesecake is just set. Remove from the oven and cool in the tin.
Meanwhile, for the boozy berries, heat a frying pan until hot and place 250g/9oz of the raspberries into the pan. Stir-fry for one minute, then add the raspberry liqueur and carefully flambé.
Stir in the lemon juice and icing sugar, to taste.
Pour the mixture into a blender and blend until smooth, then pass through a sieve, pressing with the back of a spoon, to remove all the seeds.
To serve, cut the cheesecake into wedges and place a piece in the centre of each plate. Spoon some of the remaining raspberries around the plate, drizzle over the boozy berries and top the cheesecake with a dollop of whipped cream.
