Barbecued pork patties with noodles, chicken broth and salad greens (bun cha)
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/barbecuedporkpatties_91776
Rick Stein
Ingredients 
225g/8oz carrots, peeled, finely shredded
225g/8oz mooli (daikon), peeled, finely shredded
2 tbsp salt
120ml/4fl oz rice vinegar
2 tbsp caster sugar
120ml/4fl oz water
2 chicken carcasses or 500g/17½oz chicken drumsticks or wings
1 bunch spring onions, or 1 onion, sliced
40g/1½oz garlic, peeled, lightly crushed
75g/2½oz fresh root ginger, peeled, thinly sliced and lightly bruised
1 star anise
1 tsp black or white peppercorns
4 tbsp fish sauce
4 tsp palm sugar (available at Asian grocers; substitute golden caster sugar if unavailable)
250g/9oz minced pork
1 tbsp fish sauce
1½ tsp palm sugar 
2 tsp finely chopped garlic
75g/2½oz shallots, peeled, finely chopped
¼ tsp freshly ground black pepper
½ tsp salt
250g/9oz fresh fine rice noodles or 150g/5oz dried rice vermicelli
1 small head lettuce, leaves torn
1 large handful fresh coriander, fresh mint and fresh Thai sweet basil
125g/4½oz bean sprouts
100g/3½oz kohlrabi or green papaya, peeled, finely shredded
4 tbsp rice vinegar
2 birds'-eye chillies, sliced
2 tsp finely chopped garlic
4 tbsp pickled carrot and mooli (see recipe above)
Instructions 
For the pickled carrot and mooli, place the carrot and mooli into a bowl with the salt and mix together to coat. Place into a colander and set aside (either over a large bowl or over the sink) for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, place the vinegar, sugar and water into a non-reactive pan and bring to the boil. Remove from the heat and stir until the sugar is dissolved. Set aside to cool.
Rinse the carrots and daikon under running water, then place into a clean tea towel and squeeze to remove any excess moisture. Transfer the vegetables to a bowl or container, then pour over the vinegar and sugar mixture and leave to marinate for at least one hour. (The pickled carrot and daikon will keep for 2-3 days in the fridge.)
For the chicken broth, place the chicken carcasses or pieces into a pan and cover with 3 litres of cold water. Slowly bring to the boil, skimming off any scum that rises to the surface, then lower the heat and add all of the remaining broth ingredients except for the fish sauce and palm sugar. Simmer for 1 and a half hours, skimming off the fat from the surface occasionally. Strain and leave to cool.
For the pork patties, mix all of the ingredients for the patties in a large bowl until well combined. Roll a tablespoon of the mixture into a ball with damp hands, then flatten to make a thin patty about 2.5cm/1in in diameter. Place onto a tray or plate, then repeat with the remaining pork mixture (the recipe should yield approximately 40 pork patties). Cover with cling film and chill in the fridge for at least one hour.
Half an hour before serving, light a barbecue outdoors and wait until the flames have died down and the coals are turning white. (Alternatively, use a cast-iron griddle pan and brush lightly with oil.) Add the pork patties, in small batches, to the barbecue or griddle pan and cook for 1-2 minutes on both sides, or until golden-brown and slightly charred, and cooked through. (If you have one, cook the patties in a clamp-style grilling wire, which makes turning the patties over quicker and easier.) Transfer the cooked patties to a warm plate and continue cooking the rest of the patties.
To serve, bring a pan of water to the boil. If using fresh noodles, blanch them in the pan of boiling water for a few seconds to heat through, separating the strands with chopsticks. If using dried noodles, leave them to soak in the boiled water for 2-3 minutes off the heat, or until al dente. Drain the noodles and place into a large serving bowl.
Arrange the lettuce, herbs, bean sprouts and kohlrabi or green papaya in a shallow serving bowl. Mix the rice vinegar with the chilli and garlic in a small bowl.
Bring the chicken stock to a boil and stir in the fish sauce and sugar.
Divide the pork patties among four serving bowls, then place a tablespoon each of the pickled carrot and mooli on top. Ladle over the hot chicken broth and serve with the bowls of salad leaves, noodles and chilli, garlic and rice vinegar sauce for guests to help themselves.
