BBQ chicken wings with sweetcorn rice and red cabbage slaw
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/bbq_chicken_wings_with_11785
Lorraine Pascale
Ingredients 
800g/1lb 12oz mixed chicken wings and drumsticks
6 squidges of tomato ketchup
3 tbsp balsamic vinegar
3 tbsp soy sauce
2 tbsp Chinese five-spice powder
2 squidges of honey
1 garlic clove
few sprigs fresh thyme
sunflower oil
¼ head of red cabbage
1 small red onion
1 small red chilli
a big handful of raisins 
pinch of English mustard powder (optional)
2 squidges of honey
5 tbsp Greek yoghurt 
1 lime
350g/12oz easy-cook long grain rice
200g/7oz can sweetcorn
sunflower oil
large handful coriander or flat leaf parsley
salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
Instructions 
Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.
Scatter the chicken pieces in a large roasting tin. Put the tomato ketchup, vinegar, soy sauce, five spice powder and honey in a small bowl. Add the garlic and thyme leaves along with salt, pepper and a drizzle of oil. Give everything a good stir and pour it over the chicken pieces. Toss everything about to evenly coat, settle the chicken into a single layer and put in the oven to cook for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, prepare the slaw. Mix the cabbage, red onion and finely chopped chilli in a large bowl along with the raisins, mustard powder (if using) and honey. Spoon the yoghurt in, squeeze in the lime juice and season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix everything together and set aside.
Tip the rice into a medium pan with a little salt, pour boiling water from a kettle so that it is about 2cm/1in above the top of the rice, put the lid on and bring back to the boil. Then turn it down as low as it will go and leave to cook for as long as it says on the packet.
While the rice is cooking, baste the chicken wings with the sauce in the roasting tray and return to the oven.
Once the rice is ready, drain it and then tip it back into the pan. Drain the sweetcorn and add it to the rice with salt, pepper and a drizzle of oil. Stir together and then put the lid on to keep warm.
After the chicken has had 30 minutes, check to see that it is cooked, it should be piping hot in the middle with no pinkness. The barbacue sauce should be a sticky coating on the chicken.
Divide the rice among four serving plates, arrange the chicken on top and spoon the slaw alongside. Rip the leaves from the coriander or parsley, scatter them over and serve.
