Beef Stew
http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchens/beef-stew-recipe.html

 Vegetable oil for searing
 Flour for dredging
2 1/2 pounds beef  chuck, cut into 2-inch cubes
 Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 tablespoons  unsalted butter
2 medium  onions, cut into sixths
5 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon  tomato paste
10 cups cold water, or  chicken or  beef broth, homemade or low-sodium canned
6 sprigs  parsley
6 sprigs fresh thyme
2 bay leaves
1 -1/4 pounds medium red potatoes, quartered
4 medium carrots, cut into 2-inch pieces
2 celery stalks, cut into 2-inch pieces
7 canned whole, peeled  tomatoes, lightly crushed
1 tablespoon  red wine vinegar
 Copyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved
Heat a large Dutch oven with a tight-fitting lid over medium-high heat. Pour in enough oil to fill the pan about 1/4-inch deep. Spread flour out on a plate or piece of wax paper. Season half the beef generously with salt and pepper, then dredge in the flour. Shake off the excess flour, and add to the pan. Saute the meat, uncovered, stirring only occasionally, until well-browned, about 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the beef to a plate. Repeat with the remaining beef. Discard the oil and wipe out the pan.
Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Return the pot to the stove and melt the butter over medium high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute more. Return the beef to the pot and add the water or broth, and bring to a simmer. Using a piece of kitchen twine, tie together the parsley, thyme, and bay leaves and add the bundle to the pot. Season with 2 teaspoons salt and pepper to taste. Cover and transfer to the oven. Stew the meat until tender, about 1 1/2 hours.
Remove the Dutch oven from the oven. Skim the fat from the cooking liquid with a ladle. Add the potatoes, carrots, celery, and the tomatoes, and bring to a simmer. Stew, uncovered, on top of the stove, stirring occasionally, until the liquid has thickened and the beef and vegetables are tender, about 1 hour. Remove and discard the herb bundle. Stir in the vinegar and season with salt and pepper to taste. Divide among bowls and serve immediately.
Cook's Note: Beef chuck, because of its marbling of intra-muscular fat, is the choice for any type of stew. If you can't find chuck cubed for stew in your meat department, buy a thick steak and cut it into 2-inch cubes.
From Food Network Kitchens
