Braised beef short ribs with salsify and bashed neeps
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/braisedbeefshortribs_85339
Mark Hix
Ingredients 
2kg/4lb 6oz beef short ribs, cut through the bone to 10cm/4in lengths 
salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 tbsp flour
2 onions, peeled, roughly chopped
2 celery sticks, roughly chopped
1 carrot, peeled, roughly chopped
1 tsp tomato purée 
330ml/11½fl oz Innis and Gunn beer, or similar bottle ale or beer
2 litres/3½ pints beef stock
1 bay leaf
few sprigs fresh thyme
3 garlic cloves, peeled, roughly chopped
5 black peppercorns
6-8 salsify sticks, peeled, cut at an angle into 2.5cm/1in pieces
salt and freshly ground black pepper 
25g/1oz butter
1 tbsp chopped fresh parsley
400g/14oz turnips or swede, peeled, cut into chunks
50g/2oz butter
salt and freshly ground black pepper
Instructions 
For the ribs, preheat the oven to 220C/430F/Gas 7.
Season the beef ribs with salt and freshly ground black pepper and dust with half of the flour. Place them in a roasting tray with the onion, celery and carrot and roast in the oven for 30-40 minutes, turning every so often, until nicely browned.
When cooked, transfer the vegetables and ribs to a heavy-bottomed saucepan, leaving the fat and juices behind, and set aside.
Put the roasting tray with the fat and juices over a low heat.  Add the remaining flour and the tomato purée and cook for one minute, stirring. Gradually add the beer and beef stock, stirring well to avoid lumps forming. Bring to the boil.
Pour the beer gravy into the pan with the ribs and vegetables and place over a medium heat. Add the bay leaf, thyme, garlic and peppercorns. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and cover.  Bring to the boil, then lower the heat and simmer gently for 1½-2 hours, or until the meat is tender: it should be almost falling off the bone without being too soft.
Remove the ribs and vegetables with a slotted spoon, discarding the vegetables. Continue simmering the sauce until it reduces and thickens to a rich gravy-like consistency. You can add a little cornflour mixed in water if it's not thick enough.
For the salsify, place the salsify in a saucepan with salted water and bring to the boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 6-8 minutes, until tender.
Drain and toss in the butter and parsley and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.
For the bashed neeps, place the turnips or swede into a saucepan of water and bring to the boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10-15 minutes, until tender.
Drain and return to the pan. Add the butter. Mash the turnips to a purée with a potato masher then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, reheat the ribs in the sauce. Serve with a spoonful of bashed neeps, the salsify and a generous spoonful of sauce.
