Bramley apple and blackberry souffle
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/bramley_apple_and_81186
Michel Roux Jr.
Ingredients 
250g/9oz frozen blackberries 
50g/134oz caster sugar
2 Bramley apples, peeled, cored and roughly chopped
2 tbsp caster sugar
squeeze of lemon juice
12 tsp ground cinnamon
1/8 nutmeg, grated 
40g/112oz softened butter, for greasing
115g/4oz caster sugar
175ml/6fl oz milk
1 vanilla pod, split lengthways
4 medium free-range eggs, separated
25g/1oz plain flour
6 biscuits, such as gingernuts, soaked in a splash of brandy or whisky (optional)
Instructions 
For the blackberry coulis, put the blackberries and sugar into a small pan with 100ml/312fl oz water. Bring to the boil, then simmer for about five minutes, or until the berries break down. Remove from the heat and leave to cool slightly.
Tip the fruit mixture into a blender and blend to a puree, then strain through a sieve, rubbing it through with the back of a spoon. Set aside until ready to serve.
For the apple puree, put all the ingredients into a small saucepan and heat gently, stirring occasionally until the apples break down. Allow to cool slightly and then blend to a smooth puree, either using a hand-blender, or by tipping the mixture into a food processor or blender. Store any leftovers from this recipe in the fridge and use as sauce for roast pork or serve with yoghurt for breakfast.
For the souffle, butter four individual 10cm/4in souffle dishes using upward strokes to encourage the souffle mixture to rise. Coat the insides with 40g of the sugar.
Heat the milk and 20g/34oz of the sugar in a small pan. Scrape in the seeds from the vanilla pod and bring slowly to the boil, stirring frequently.   Remove from the heat.
Whisk the egg yolks and 15g/12oz of the sugar in a bowl to a ribbon consistency. (Ribbon consistency is when the egg yolks and sugar have thickened and increased in volume to a point where a trail of the mixture holds on the surface for a second before merging back in.) Stir in the flour.  Pour the hot milk onto the yolks, stirring continuously with a whisk.  Return to the pan and whisk over a low heat for one minute, then pour into a bowl, cover with cling film, and cool slightly. Stir in two tablespoons of the apple puree once cool.
Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6 and put a baking tray inside to heat.
Ensure that your whisking equipment is clean and free from grease - otherwise it may prevent the egg whites from rising. Beat the egg whites in a mixing bowl until thick and frothy, then add the remaining sugar and continue to beat until the egg whites form soft peaks when the whisk is removed from the bowl. It is crucial not to over-beat the egg whites. Immediately and confidently whisk one-third of the egg whites into the apple mixture, then delicately fold in the rest with a large spoon.
Divide the mixture between the souffle dishes to come level with the rim, burying the biscuits (if using) in the middle. Stand on the hot baking tray and cook for 8-10 minutes, or until risen a 2.5cm/1cm over the top of the dish and the top is golden-brown. Overcooking will cause the souffles to collapse.  Serve the souffles as soon as they come out of the oven on warm plates. Make a well in the middle of the souffle and pour in the coulis.
