Chermoula-baked sea bass with quinoa, tomatillo and preserved lemon salad, spiced toasted seeds and tahini cream
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/chermoulabakedseabas_93826
Anna Hansen
Ingredients 
50ml/2fl oz olive oil
1 red onion, peeled, sliced
¼ tsp sweet smoked paprika
20ml/¾fl oz sherry vinegar
100g/3½oz quinoa (uncooked weight), cooked according to packet instructions
2 medium tomatillos, diced
1 tbsp preserved lemon rind, pulp removed, finely diced
4 tbsp chopped fresh coriander, plus extra whole leaves, to serve
2 tbsp finely chopped fresh mint leaves
1 lime, juice only
100ml/3½fl oz olive oil
handful fresh curry leaves
2 tsp fennel seeds
2 tsp poppy seeds
1 tsp kalonji (black onion) seeds or nigella seeds
1 tsp black mustard seeds
200g/7oz sunflower seeds
200g/7oz pumpkin seeds
1 tbsp amchur (dried, ground, unripe mango)
1 tsp salt
2 x 250-300g/9-10½oz sea bass fillets, skin on
1 tbsp cumin seeds, toasted, ground
1 tsp coriander seeds, toasted, ground
1½ tsp sweet smoked paprika
½ tsp dried chilli flakes
1 tbsp fresh root ginger, peeled, crushed to a paste
1 tbsp fresh turmeric, peeled, crushed to a paste
2 garlic cloves, peeled, crushed
1 banana shallot, peeled, finely chopped
2 lemons, zest and juice
3 tbsp flatleaf parsley leaves, finely chopped
5 tbsp fresh coriander, finely chopped
1 tsp salt
100ml/3½fl oz extra virgin olive oil
1 tbsp olive oil
125ml/4½fl oz tahini
1½ lemons, juice only
125ml/4½fl oz water
salt, to taste
50g/2oz mustard, sorrel or watercress leaves
drizzle extra virgin olive oil
1 lime, cut into wedges
Instructions 
Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.
For the quinoa, tomatillo and preserved lemon salad, heat a frying pan over a medium to high heat. Add the olive oil and fry the red onion slices for 5-10 minutes, or until the onion slices have caramelised.
Add the smoked paprika and sherry vinegar, stir well and fry until the liquid has evaporated.
Mix together the remaining salad ingredients in a bowl, then add the frying pan contents and stir until well combined. Set aside.
Meanwhile, for the toasted seeds, heat a frying pan over a medium heat. Add the olive oil, then fry the curry leaves for a few seconds until fragrant.
Add all of the seeds and stir continuously until well combined and coated in the oil, shaking the pan regularly. Fry for 4-5 minutes, or until the seeds are golden-brown and toasted, then remove the pan from the heat.
Add the amchur and salt, to taste, and stir well. Set aside and keep warm.
For the chermoula-baked sea bass, place the sea bass fillets into a medium-sized glass bowl. Add all of the remaining chermoula-baked sea bass ingredients except the olive oil, mix until well combined, then set aside to marinate for 30 minutes.
When the sea bass has marinated, shake any excess marinade from the sea bass fillets. Heat an ovenproof frying pan over a medium heat, add the olive oil, then add the sea bass fillets and fry for 1-2 minutes on each side, or until browned on both sides. Transfer to the oven and continue to cook for 4-6 minutes, or until cooked through (the sea bass is cooked through when the flesh is opaque).
Meanwhile, for the tahini cream, whisk all of the tahini cream ingredients in a bowl for 2 minutes, or until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt.
Just before serving, mix half of the toasted seeds into the quinoa, tomatillo and preserved lemon salad until combined.
To serve, divide the quinoa, tomatillo and preserved lemon salad equally among four to six serving plates. Divide the chermoula-baked sea bass fillets among the servings. Sprinkle over the remaining toasted seeds. Drizzle the tahini cream and a little extra virgin olive oil around the edge of the plates. Place two lime wedges alongside each serving.
