Clementine cake with passionfruit and limoncello ice cream
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/clementine_cake_with_01055
Kirsty Wark
Ingredients 
375g/13oz clementines (about 4-5)
butter, for greasing
6 free-range eggs
225g/8oz caster sugar
250g/9oz ground almonds
1 heaped tsp baking powder
2 clementines, juice only
50g/2oz caster sugar
1 tbsp orange marmalade
reserved orange peel, from the orange sorbet (see below)
150g/5oz granulated sugar
100ml/3½fl oz water
2 passion fruit
300ml/10½fl oz double cream
300ml/10½fl oz full-fat milk
50ml/2fl oz limoncello
100g/3½oz caster sugar
300ml/10½fl oz freshly-squeezed orange juice, from about 4-5 oranges, peel reserved for orange sticks
100g/3½oz caster sugar
2 star anise
200ml/7fl oz double cream
50g/2oz icing sugar
1 vanilla pod, split, seeds scraped out
1 tsp lime juice
Instructions 
For the clementine cake, place the clementines into a large, deep pan and cover with cold water. Bring to the boil and cook for two hours, topping up occasionally with boiling water if necessary. Drain, and when cool enough to handle, cut each clementine in half and remove the pips.
Place all of the clementines into a food processor and blend until smooth.
Preheat the oven to 190C/375F/Gas 5. Butter and line a 21cm/8in round spring-form cake tin with greaseproof paper.


Technique: Greasing and lining cake tins										        				







Watch technique
0:33 mins
Beat the eggs lightly in a bowl, then add the sugar, ground almonds and baking powder. Mix until well combined, then stir in the clementine purée.
Pour the cake mixture into the prepared cake tin and bake for one hour, covering it with foil or greaseproof paper after 40 minutes to prevent the top from burning. Test to see if the cake is cooked with a skewer inserted into the middle – it should come out clean. 


Technique: Testing to see if a cake is cooked										        				







Watch technique
0:29 mins
Remove the cake from the oven and leave to cool, in the tin, on a wire rack. Once cooled, remove from the tin and set aside.
Reduce the oven temperature to 130C/250F/Gas ½.
For the clementine syrup, place all of the syrup ingredients into a small pan and bring to the boil. Simmer for 3-4 minutes, or until sticky, then remove from the heat and pour over the clementine cake.
For the orange sticks, line a baking tray with a sheet of silicone. Take the orange peel and cut into little sticks 2cm/1in long and 2mm thick.
Place the sugar and water into a saucepan and bring to the boil, stirring until the sugar has dissolved. Add the orange sticks and simmer for 10-12 minutes.
Drain the orange sticks and arrange on the prepared baking tray. Bake for one hour, or until crisp. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.
For the passion fruit and limoncello ice cream, halve the passion fruit and scoop out the flesh and seeds. Wipe clean the passion fruit ‘shells’ and reserve for serving.
Mix together the double cream, milk, limoncello, caster sugar and passion fruit flesh and seeds in a bowl until well combined. Churn the mixture in an ice cream maker, according to the manufacturer’s instructions.
Fill the passion fruit ‘shells’ with the churned ice cream (you will have some leftover) and freeze for 2-3 hours, or until set. Spoon the remaining ice cream into a freezer-proof container and chill in the freezer.
For the orange sorbet, place the orange juice, caster sugar and star anise into a pan and bring to the boil, stirring until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from the heat and set aside until cooled completely.
Remove the star anise and discard. Churn the orange mixture in an ice cream maker, according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Transfer the sorbet into a freezer-proof container and freeze for 2-3 hours, or until set. Remove the sorbet from the freezer and allow to soften slightly about 5-10 minutes before serving.
For the lime Chantilly cream, whisk the double cream in a bowl until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed, then add the icing sugar, vanilla seeds and lime juice and whisk until well combined.
To serve, slice the clementine cake and arrange on a plate. Place the passion fruit and limoncello ice cream alongside, followed by a quenelle of lime Chantilly cream. Place a scoop of orange sorbet into a small ramekin and top with a few orange sticks.
