Crab and salmon fishcakes with homemade tartare sauce
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/crabsalmonanddillfis_93618
Sophie Dahl
Ingredients 
250g/9oz small potatoes, preferably red-skinned potatoes such as Roosevelt
sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 tbsp olive oil 
250g/9oz salmon, poached, flaked, bones removed
150g/5oz white crab meat
150g/5oz brown crab meat
1 tbsp good quality mayonnaise
handful fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped
handful fresh dill, chopped
1 red chilli, finely chopped
1 tsp Dijon mustard
sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
1 tbsp olive oil
4 tbsp good quality mayonnaise
4 small cornichons or gherkins, finely chopped
1 tbsp capers
handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped
½ lemon, juice only
1 tsp grated fresh horseradish
sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 large handfuls fresh baby spinach 
1 tbsp olive oil
sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
Instructions 
Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.
For the potatoes, boil the potatoes in a large pan of salted water for 15-20 minutes, or until tender. Drain, and then return to the saucepan.
Crush the potatoes slightly with a fork, season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and drizzle over the oil. Tip into a roasting tin and roast in the oven for 25-30 minutes, or until golden-brown and crisp.
Meanwhile, for the fishcakes, combine the salmon, white and brown crab meat, mayonnaise, parsley, dill, red chilli and Dijon mustard in a bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Shape the mixture into cakes using your hands, and chill in the fridge until the potatoes are almost ready.
For the tartare sauce, mix all of the ingredients together in a bowl and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Set aside.
To cook the fishcakes, heat the oil a large frying pan over a medium-high heat.  Fry the fishcakes in the oil for 3-4 minutes on each side, or until golden-brown and crisp.
For the spinach, place the spinach into a small frying pan over a medium heat and cook for 1-2 minutes, or until wilted. Drizzle over the olive oil and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, divide the fishcakes between two serving plates, place the roasted potatoes and spinach either side, and spoon the tartare sauce around the edge of the plate.
