Crème de vanille de bourbon with poached rhubarb and blood orange sorbet
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/cremedevanilledebour_91183
Galton Blackiston
Ingredients 
2 gelatine leaves
400ml/14½fl oz double cream
75g/2½oz caster sugar
2 vanilla pods, split, seeds scraped out with a knife
125g/4½oz caster sugar
125ml/4½fl oz water
500ml/18fl oz freshly squeezed blood orange juice, pulp strained
1 tbsp orange liqueur (optional)
1 tbsp caster sugar
2 tbsp water
2 rhubarb stalks, cut into 3cm/1¼in pieces
5cm/2in piece root ginger, peeled and grated
Instructions 
For the crème de vanilla de bourbon, soak the gelatine leaves in a bowl of cold water for 4-5 minutes. Squeeze dry and set aside.
Slowly bring the cream, sugar, vanilla pods and seeds to the boil in a small pan. Remove from the heat and discard the vanilla pods.
Stir the soaked, drained gelatine leaves into the cream mixture until melted.
Strain the mixture through a fine sieve, reserving the strained liquid. Set aside to cool and set slightly, then pour the cooled mixture into four 100ml/3½fl oz dariole moulds and chill in the fridge for three hours, or until completely set.
Meanwhile, for the blood orange sorbet, place the sugar into a pan and dissolve it in the water. Bring the sugar and water mixture to the boil, stirring continuously, then reduce the heat to a simmer and continue to cook for a further 2-3 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside until completely cooled.
In a large mixing bowl, stir together the blood orange juice and orange liqueur, if using.
Stir in the cooled sugar syrup a spoonful at a time, tasting after each addition, until the orange juice is sweet enough for your taste.
Pour the mixture into an ice-cream machine and churn until smooth and set. Transfer to a plastic container, cover and freeze until needed.
For the poached rhubarb, gently heat the sugar and the two tablespoons of water until the sugar has dissolved. Add the rhubarb and ginger and simmer gently for 4-5 minutes, or until just softened. Strain the rhubarb and set aside to cool. (You can use the drained liquid in another dish, or drizzle it over the finished dessert.)
To serve, turn the crème de vanilla de bourbons out onto four chilled serving plates. Place a scoop of blood orange sorbet and a spoonful of poached rhubarb alongside each.
