Grey mullet, clams, tomatoes and vegetable hearts, orange and basil dressing
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/grey_mullet_clams_92281
Simon Hulstone
Ingredients 
4 x 150g/5½oz fillets grey mullet
salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 plum tomatoes
1 beef tomato
2 yellow or heritage variety tomatoes
1 cucumber
4 button onions, peeled, halved, layers separated
3 spring onions, preferably red ones, trimmed
15 clams
150ml/5fl oz white wine
50ml/2fl oz fresh orange juice
110ml/4fl oz olive oil 
caster sugar, to taste
salt, to taste
5 fresh basil leaves, shredded
2 oranges, peeled, segmented
small handful micro basil
small handful micro red wood sorrel 
small handful green wood sorrel
4 borage flowers
rocket flowers 
Instructions 
Season the grey mullet with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Cut the tomatoes into quarters and remove carefully the seeds. Reserve the seeds (use the remaining tomato in another recipe).
Halve the cucumber and de-seed, chop the seeds into 4cm/1½in pieces (use the remaining cucumber in another recipe).
Blanch the onion layers and in salted boiling water for one minute, then drain and refresh in cold water. Drain again.
Griddle the spring onions in a griddle pan for 2-3 minutes, then add the onion layers and cook for a further minute. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Fry the mullet fillets, skin-side down, in a frying pan for three minutes, then carefully turn them over and cook for a further two minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside to rest for five minutes.
Meanwhile, heat a lidded saucepan until hot, add the clams and wine and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until all of the clams have opened (discard any clams that do not open). Remove the clams from the shells and set aside.
Bring the orange juice to the boil in a saucepan, then remove from the heat and whisk in most of the olive oil. Season, to taste, with salt and sugar. Stir in the clams and shredded basil
Warm the cucumber seeds in a saucepan, add the remaining olive oil and mix until well combined.
To serve, arrange the onion layers, spring onions, tomato seeds and cucumber seeds on serving plates. Place the mullet fillet in the middle of the serving, spoon over the clam sauce and finish with the orange segments, herbs and flowers.
