Grilled rack of lamb with mango salad and mint chutney
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/grilledrackoflambwit_86209
Atul Kochhar
Ingredients 
1 tbsp finely chopped raw papaya
1 tbsp finely chopped garlic
1 tsp finely chopped green chilli
1 tsp ground fennel seeds
1 tsp freshly ground black pepper
1 tsp sweet paprika
3 tbsp mustard oil (available from some supermarkets and Asian grocers)
100ml/3½fl oz single cream
55ml/2fl oz double cream
2 tbsp gram flour (also called chickpea flour, available from some supermarkets and Asian grocers)
2 tbsp pastis
½ nutmeg, grated
pinch salt
2 x 8-bone racks of lamb, excess fat removed
50g/2oz butter, melted
200g/7oz fresh mint leaves
2 tbsp finely chopped red onion
2 tbsp lemon juice
1 green chilli, seeds removed, chopped
½ tsp salt
½ tbsp vegetable oil
4 tbsp Greek-style yoghurt
2 green mangoes, finely sliced
small handful fresh coriander
handful watercress
2.5cm/1in piece root ginger, grated
1 tsp toasted cumin seeds, crushed
1 tbsp lime juice
1 tbsp olive oil
½ tsp sugar
Instructions 
For the lamb, place all of the lamb ingredients except for the lamb and the butter into a bowl and mix well. Rub the marinade onto the lamb to coat all over, then place into a large dish and set aside to marinate for two hours.
Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.
Shake off the excess marinade from the lamb and place into a roasting tin. Transfer to the oven and cook for ten minutes, then baste with the remaining marinade. Return to the oven for a further five minutes, or until the lamb is cooked to your liking. Drizzle over the melted butter and set aside in a warm place.
For the mint chutney, bring a small pan of water to the boil. Add the mint leaves and return to the boil.
Drain the mint leaves and place into a bowlful of iced water to refresh them, then drain again.
Place the mint leaves into a food processor with the remaining mint chutney ingredients and blend until smooth.
For the mango salad, place all the mango salad ingredients into a bowl and stir.
To serve, carve the lamb into portions and place onto serving plates with a spoonful of the mango salad and a dollop of mint chutney.
