Grilled chicken with morel sauce, Parmentier potatoes and baby vegetables
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/grilled_chicken_with_34352
Ed Baines
Ingredients 
55g/2oz butter
2 tsp olive oil
2 potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 garlic clove, crushed
½ onion, chopped
2 sprigs rosemary, leaves picked and finely chopped
salt and freshly ground black pepper
½ lemon, juice only
1 tbsp butter
1 large shallot, finely chopped
2 handfuls morel mushrooms, cleaned 
generous splash Madeira
250ml/9fl oz chicken stock (preferably white chicken stock)
250ml/9fl oz double cream
4 chicken breasts
250g/9oz baby courgettes 
250g/9oz baby leeks
250g/9oz sugar snap peas
50g/2oz butter
Instructions 
Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4. Preheat the grill to medium-high heat.
For the Parmentier potatoes, heat the butter and olive oil in a heavy-based frying pan. Add the cubed potato and fry until nut-brown, stirring occasionally, add the garlic, onion and rosemary to the frying potatoes, mixing well. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Transfer the potatoes to an ovenproof dish and bake for 10 minutes or until tender. Squeeze over the lemon juice.
For the morel sauce, heat the butter in a pan, add the shallots and a pinch of salt, and fry until the shallots are softened, but not browned.
Tip in the mushrooms and cook for a further 3-4 minutes. Add the Madeira and stock and simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Pour in the double cream to just cover the mushrooms and simmer for a further five minutes.
Season and grill the chicken breasts for about 8-10 minutes, or until golden-brown and the juices run clear.
Bring a large pan of water to the boil with a pinch of salt and add the courgettes, the leeks and the sugar snap peas. Boil for 2-3 minutes until just tender, then drain immediately and return to the pan.
Add the butter to the vegetables and stir until the butter is melted and the vegetables are coated. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place a chicken breast on each serving plate and coat with the morel sauce. Serve the Parmentier potatoes and buttered baby vegetables alongside.
