Pan-fried Jersey sea bass and grilled oysters with seasonal vegetables
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/pan-fried_jersey_sea_54788
The Cotton and Garland family
Ingredients 
2lb/2lb 4oz Jersey Royal potatoes, scrubbed clean
3 sprigs fresh mint leaves 
50g/2oz butter

4 sea bass fillets 
sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
75ml/3fl oz olive oil 
1 lemon 

1 thick slice pancetta or thick-cut smoky bacon 
3 fresh oysters, shells scrubbed clean, shucked (reserve the juice in the oyster shells when shucking)
50ml/2fl oz good-quality chicken stock 
75ml/3fl oz dry white wine.  
1 lemon, juice only
50ml/2fl oz olive oil 
1 tbsp chopped fresh tarragon leaves
1 sprig fresh dill, chopped
150g/5oz mangetout
1 tbsp sugar
pinch sea salt 
Instructions 
For the potatoes, boil the Jersey Royal potatoes with a sprig of mint in a pan of salted water for 12-15 minutes, or until tender. Drain well, remove the mint sprig, return the potatoes to the pan and add a knob of butter.
For the sea bass, season the sea bass fillets with plenty of salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the oil in a frying pan over a medium to high heat. When the oil is smoking, add the sea bass fillets, skin-side down, and fry for 4-5 minutes, or until the skin is crisp.
Remove the pan from the heat. Turn over the sea bass fillets and allow to cook in the residual heat in the pan until cooked through. Keep warm.
Meanwhile, for the oysters, heat a frying pan over a medium heat. Add the pancetta (or bacon) and dry-fry until crisp. Remove the pancetta from the pan and dice finely.
Pour any fat from the pan into the bowl containing the reserved oyster juices. Add the diced pancetta.
Add the stock, white wine, half of the lemon juice and one tablespoon of the olive oil to the bowl containing the oyster juices and pancetta. Add the chopped herbs and stir well. Set aside.
Preheat the grill to its highest setting. Line a grill pan, baking tray or Yorkshire pudding tin with aluminium foil and arrange the oysters, in their shells, on it.
Pour a little of the reserved pancetta and herb mixture over each oyster. Grill the oysters until just cooked through and the liquid is bubbling. (Be warned that the oyster shells can split under very high heat so turn down the grill if necessary). Reserve any liquid that has escaped from the oyster shells.
For the vegetables, bring a little water to the boil in another pan. Suspend a steaming basket over the pan and add the mangetout, sugar and salt.  Steam for 4-5 minutes, or until just tender.
To serve, place one seabass fillet onto each of two serving plates. Spoon the vegetables alongside. Arrange the oysters around the edge of the plate. Spoon any reserved cooking juices from the grill pan over the fish.
