Pan-fried grey mullet with stir-fried mangetout and shiitake mushrooms with lemongrass sauce
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/panfriedgreymulletwi_88172
Michael Caines
Ingredients 
4 x 175g/6oz grey mullet fillets, skin scored with a sharp knife
salt and freshly ground pepper 
1 tbsp olive oil
1 lime, juice only
2 tbsp sesame oil 
60g/2½oz beansprouts
60g/2½oz shiitake mushrooms, finely sliced
60g/2½oz mangetout, finely sliced 
2 tbsp toasted sesame seeds
50g/2oz unsalted butter
50g/2oz shallots, sliced 
75g/3oz lemongrass, grated
pinch salt
175g/6oz button mushrooms, sliced 
2-3 sprigs lemon thyme, chopped finely
50ml/2fl oz fish stock
250ml/9fl oz dry white wine
250ml/9fl oz double cream 
salt and freshly ground pepper
Instructions 
For the pan-fried grey mullet fillet, season the flesh side of the grey mullet with salt and freshly ground pepper.
Heat a frying pan until hot, add the olive oil and place the fish in the pan, skin-side down. When the skin of the mullet is golden-brown and crisp, turn the fish over to finish cooking and then add a squeeze of lime.
Meanwhile, for the vegetables, heat the sesame oil in a pan, add the beansprouts, shiitake mushrooms and mangetout, along with a pinch of salt. Stir fry for a few minutes.
Once the vegetables have softened, add the toasted sesame seeds and mix well.
For the lemongrass and white wine sauce, heat a frying pan until hot and add half of the butter, the shallots, lemongrass and a pinch of salt.
Gently fry until the shallots are soft, but not browned.
Add the fish stock and cook until the liquid is reduced by half.
Place the wine in a separate pan and simmer until it is reduced by a third. Add the wine to the reduced stock.
Add the cream, bring to the boil and then immediately turn down the heat to a simmer. Cook until thickened slightly; then pass through a sieve into a clean pan.
Whisk in the remaining butter and season with salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste.
Pile the vegetables onto each plate. Place the fish onto the vegetables and spoon the sauce over and around. Serve.
