Pheasant Kiev with broad beans, peas, tarragon and cobnut salad
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/pheasant_kiev_with_a_34098
James Martin
Ingredients 
1 garlic bulb, left whole
500ml/17fl oz double cream
12 bunch fresh chives, chopped
4 pheasant breasts, skin removed
120g/412oz plain flour, seasoned with salt and freshly ground black pepper
200g/7oz dried sourdough breadcrumbs
2 free-range eggs
vegetable oil, for shallow frying
30g/114oz ready-made French dressing
30g/114oz clear honey
30ml/114fl oz white balsamic vinegar
500ml/17fl oz vegetable oil
1 tsp diced shallot
12 garlic clove, sliced
1 tsp chopped fresh parsley leaves
1 tsp chopped fresh chives
1 tsp chopped fresh basil leaves
1 tsp chopped fresh thyme leaves
500g/1lb 2oz broad beans, double podded
200g/7oz fresh peas, pods removed
2 tbsp rapeseed oil
100g/312oz fresh cobnuts, toasted
1 tsp salt
15g/12oz chopped baby red chard
12 head frisee lettuce (or similar bitter, frilly-edged lettuce), outer leaves only
15g/12oz lambs lettuce leaves 
pinch tarragon leaves
Instructions 
Preheat the oven to 170C/150C Fan/Gas 312.
Wrap the garlic bulb in aluminium foil and place on a baking tray. Bake for 40-45 minutes, or until the cloves are soft and the garlic can be squeezed out. Set aside until the garlic is cool enough to handle. Slice the top off the garlic, then squeeze all of the garlic in a bowl. Chop if necessary, or mash with a fork until smooth.
Pour the double cream in the bowl of a free-standing food mixer and churn for 3-5 minutes using the beater attachment, or until lumps of butter have risen to the surface of the cream and the remaining mixture is liquid. Line a fine sieve with muslin cloth and suspend it over a large bowl. Strain the churned cream through the sieve, wrapping the muslin tightly around the lumps of butter and squeezing out as much liquid as possible. Discard the strained liquid.
Mix the butter with the mashed garlic until well combined. Season with a generous pinch of salt, then stir in the chives until well combined.
Using a sharp knife, cut a wide, deep pocket in the thickest part of each pheasant breast, just under the inner fillet, without breaking through the other side of the pheasant breast. Fill each pocket with the garlic butter and chill in the fridge for 30 minutes.
Increase the oven temperature to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4.
Sprinkle the flour on a plate and the breadcrumbs on a separate plate. Beat the eggs in a bowl. Dust each pheasant breast in the flour, then dip in the beaten egg, then roll it in the breadcrumbs until completely coated. Return to the fridge to chill for a further 10 minutes.
Heat the oil in a frying pan over a medium to high heat until a breadcrumb sizzles and turns golden-brown when dropped into it. (CAUTION: Hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.) Fry the pheasant Kievs, in batches if necessary, for 1-2 minutes on each side, or until golden-brown all over. Transfer to the oven and cook for a further 6-8 minutes, or until the pheasant has completely cooked through.
For the dressing, blend all of the ingredients in a food processor until smooth and well combined. Set aside.
For the salad, bring a large saucepan of salted water to the boil and blanch the broad beans and peas for 1-2 minutes, or until just tender. Then refresh in ice cold water. Drain well.
Mix the beans and peas with the remaining salad ingredients in a large serving bowl. Drizzle with the dressing and mix again.
To serve, place one pheasant Kiev in the centre of each plate and pile the salad alongside.
