Raymond Blancs light shellfish chowder
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/raymond_blancs_light_58868
Raymond Blanc
Ingredients 
100ml/312fl oz dry white wine
500g/1lb 2oz clams, scrubbed and de-bearded (discard any clams that do not close tightly when tapped firmly)
500g/1lb 2oz mussels, scrubbed and de-bearded (discard any mussels that do not close tightly when tapped firmly)
30g/114oz unsalted butter 
1 onion, finely diced
1 garlic clove, sliced    
1 bay leaf
50ml/2fl oz whipping cream or double cream
10g/12oz wakame (edible seaweed, available from specialist Japanese stores and some larger supermarkets), quickly dipped in cold water to soften 
2g finely grated root ginger 
finely grated nutmeg, to taste
dash lemon juice, to taste
salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 tbsp chopped fresh parsley leaves
1 baguette, warmed and sliced (optional)
Instructions 
For the chowder, pour the wine into a large, heavy-based, lidded saucepan and bring to the boil over a high heat. Reduce the heat until the liquid is simmering steadily, then add the clams and mussels and cover the pan with the lid. Simmer for 2-3 minutes, or until the shellfish have opened (discard any clams and mussels whose shells do not open during cooking).
Strain the shellfish through a fine sieve, collecting the cooking liquid in a separate saucepan. Suspend the shellfish over the pan; when cool enough to handle, pick all of the meat from the shells and reserve. Discard the shells.
Heat the butter over a medium heat in a saucepan measuring at least 26cm/10in in diameter. Fry the onion and garlic for 4-5 minutes, or until softened but not coloured.
Add the reserved cooking liquid and the bay leaf, 150ml/5fl oz water, cream and wakame, then bring the mixture to the boil. Once boiling, add the ginger, a grating of nutmeg (to taste) and the picked shellfish meats and heat through for a minute or so. Season, to taste, with salt, freshly ground black pepper, and a dash or two of lemon juice.
To serve, ladle the chowder into bowls and sprinkle a little chopped parsley over each serving. Serve a few baguette slices alongside, if using.
