Roast chicken with beetroot and halloumi salad
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/roast_chicken_with_52211
James Martin
Ingredients 
2 tsp cumin seeds
2 tsp ground caraway seeds
1 red chilli, roughly chopped
1 tbsp sweet smoked paprika
2 garlic cloves
2 tbsp tomato purée
3 tbsp red wine vinegar
1 large chicken, spatchcocked
2 tbsp olive oil
salt and pepper
125g/4½oz bulgur wheat
400ml/14fl oz beetroot juice
1 tbsp olive oil
150g/5½oz halloumi, sliced
100g/3½oz cooked beetroot, chopped
100g/3½oz shelled pistachios, roughly chopped
small bunch mint, chopped
small bunch coriander, chopped
1 pomegranate, seeds only
1 lemon, zest and juice
50ml/2fl oz olive oil
Instructions 
Preheat the oven to 200C/4000F/Gas 6.
For the roast chicken, heat a small frying pan and add the cumin and caraway seeds. Once they start to release their oils add them to a small food processor. Add the chilli, smoked paprika, garlic, tomato purée and red wine vinegar to the food processor and blend until smooth. Set aside.
Heat a large flat griddle and drizzle oil over the spatchcocked chicken and season with salt and pepper. Place breast-side down and cook for a couple of minutes, then transfer the chicken to a large baking tray. Roast in the oven for 30 minutes.


Technique: Spatchcocking chicken and poultry										        				







Watch technique
3:38 mins
Remove the chicken from the oven and spread the spice mixture over the chicken and place back in the oven for 20-30 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through.


Technique: Testing whether turkey, chicken and poultry are cooked										        				







Watch technique
0:51 mins
Meanwhile for beetroot and halloumi salad, place the bulgur wheat and beetroot juice in a medium saucepan and cook for 15-20 minutes, or until just tender.
Heat a ridged griddle pan until hot. Oil the sliced halloumi and cook on the griddle for 1-2 minutes each side until nicely browned.
Place the cooked bulgur wheat in a bowl and add the cooked beetroot, pistachios, mint, coriander, pomegranate, lemon zest and juice and olive oil and mix. Add the cooked halloumi to the top.
Remove the chicken from the oven and allow to rest in a warm place for 15-20 minutes. Carve the chicken into pieces and place on a plate along with the beetroot and halloumi salad.
