Sea trout with carrots, asparagus and butter sauce
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/seatroutwithcarrotsa_92386
Galton Blackiston
Ingredients 
1 x  1.25-1.5kg/2½-3lb wild sea trout, filleted, skin removed (the head and bones can be reserved for making stock in another recipe)
450g/1lb cockles, in their shells, washed (discard any that don't close when firmly tapped)
150ml/5fl oz water
12 baby carrots, scrubbed, topped and tailed 
12 asparagus spears, woody ends trimmed, stalk peeled 
110g/4oz butter
1 tbsp olive oil
400g/14oz cooked new potatoes, sliced
75g/3oz samphire, trimmed
1 shallot, peeled and finely chopped
1 tbsp white wine vinegar
1 tbsp white wine
1 tbsp lemon juice
175g/6oz salted butter, cubed
3 tbsp chopped fresh chives
Instructions 
For the sea trout, lay out a sheet of aluminium foil on the work surface and place the two trout fillets on top of each other. Tightly wrap up the fillets, twisting the ends to seal. Chill in the fridge for at least one hour.
Meanwhile, heat a large lidded pan until hot and add the cockles and the water. Cover with the lid and cook for 3-4 minutes, or until all of the cockles have opened (discard any that remain closed).
Drain the cockles and remove the meat from the shells, discarding the cooking liquid. Set aside.
Remove the sea trout fillets from the fridge, leaving the foil on. Cut the fillets into 12 x 2.5/1in thick slices.
Heat a frying pan until hot and add half of the butter. Fry the sea trout fillet slices in small batches for 1-2 minutes on both sides, or until golden-brown all over and cooked through (the fish should be opaque all the way through). Remove from the pan and leave to rest on a warm plate. Remove the aluminium foil wrapping the fish pieces.
Bring two pans of water to the boil and cook the carrots and asparagus separately until tender (the asparagus will need only 2-3 minutes, while the carrots will need at least 4-5 minutes). Drain the vegetables and toss together with a tablespoon of the remaining butter, then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat the remaining butter and the olive oil in a pan and fry the new potato slices for 4-5 minutes, or until golden-brown and crisp. Add the samphire to the pan and cook for 1-2 more minutes, or until the samphire is tender. Season with freshly ground black pepper.
For the butter sauce, place the shallot, white wine vinegar, white wine and lemon juice into a non-reactive saucepan and bring to the boil. Cook for 6-8 minutes, or until the liquid has reduced in volume to one tablespoon. Gradually whisk in the butter until the sauce is smooth and creamy, then remove from the heat and stir in the cooked cockle meat and the chives. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, place three carrots on the side of each serving plate and top with three asparagus stems. Spoon the potatoes and samphire alongside, then place three slices of the sea trout fillet on top. Spoon the butter sauce over and around the fish.
