Spiced venison with pear chutney and sweet spicy parsnip chips
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/spicedvenisonwithpea_87798
Atul Kochhar
Ingredients 
2 pears, peeled, cored and chopped
1 granny smith apple, peeled, cored and chopped
½ tsp grated ginger
½ red onion, thinly sliced
1 bay leaf
1 star anise
2.5cm/1in cinnamon stick
5 cloves
10 black peppercorns
salt, to taste
75g/3oz dark brown sugar
75ml/3fl oz cider vinegar
50ml/2fl oz water
600g/1lb 5¼oz venison fillet, trimmed 
1 tbsp vegetable oil
1 tbsp English mustard 
1 tbsp clear honey
1 tbsp finely chopped fresh ginger 
1 tbsp black sesame seeds
1 tbsp white sesame seeds
1 tbsp coriander seeds, coarsely ground
vegetable oil, for deep-frying
4 small parsnips, peeled and cut lengthways into 4 pieces
2 tbsp clear honey
pinch salt 
2 sprigs lemon thyme
crushed black pepper
3-4 tbsp well-aged balsamic vinegar
Instructions 
For the pear chutney, heat a frying pan until hot. Add all the chutney ingredients to the pan and stir to mix well.
Cook for 5-8 minutes until the pears have softened.
Remove the pan from the heat and cool slightly. Set aside.
For the venison, preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4.
Wrap the venison in cling film, without covering the ends to form a sausage-shape. Slice into four pieces.
Heat a frying pan until hot, add the oil and sear the cut ends of each piece of venison (not allowing the cling film to touch the pan).
Remove the venison from the pan, place onto a baking tray and discard the cling film from the venison.
Mix together the mustard and honey in a small bowl. Stir in the ginger, sesame seeds and coriander seeds. Brush the venison liberally with the mustard-honey paste.
Place into the oven and cook for 12-15 minutes, depending on how well-done you like your meat.
Remove the meat from the oven, cover with aluminium foil and rest the meat in a warm place.
For the parsnip chips, heat the vegetable oil in a deep fat fryer to 190C/375F. (CAUTION: hot oil can be dangerous - do not leave unattended.)
Place the parsnip chips into the fryer and cook for 3-4 minutes until golden-brown and tender. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on kitchen paper.
Meanwhile, place the honey into a small saucepan and add salt, lemon thyme and crushed black pepper to taste. Heat the mixture over a low heat.
Drizzle the honey over the parsnips and mix well.
To serve, divide the venison between four serving plates. Place a pile of parsnip chips on the side with a spoonful of chutney. Finish with a drizzle of balsamic vinegar.
