Steamed fillets of sea bass in green jackets with leek coulis with saffron and dill
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/steamedfilletsofseab_91222
Michel Roux
Ingredients 
4 x 175g/6oz portions sea bass 
salt and freshly ground black pepper 
8 large dark green spinach or lettuce leaves, blanched for 30 seconds in a pan of boiling water and refreshed in ice water, drained
25g/1oz clarified butter
2 leeks, white part only, finely sliced and deep-fried until crisp
300g/10oz young leeks, greenest part removed
40g/1½ oz butter
250ml/9fl oz chicken stock or vegetable stock
1 small pinch saffron strands
200ml/7fl oz double cream
salt and freshly ground black pepper 
1 tbsp chopped dill
Instructions 
For the sea bass, remove the skin and season the fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Wrap each sea bass portion in two of the blanched spinach or lettuce leaves; then wrap each parcel in heat-proof cling film.
Half-fill a steamer with water.
Bring to the boil; then lower the heat so that the water barely trembles.
Place the steaming rack on top of the steamer, arrange the sea bass parcels inside, cover and steam for 8-10 minutes, or until cooked through. To test whether the fish is done, insert a trussing needle or knife tip into the centre for 10 seconds; it should penetrate easily and feel hot when you remove it and place it on your inner arm. Keep the fish warm.
For the leek coulis, halve the leeks lengthways, wash thoroughly in cold water and slice finely.
Blanch the leeks in a pan of boiling water for two minutes, then refresh in a bowl of cold water and drain well, pressing the leeks to dry them.
Melt the butter in a saucepan, add the leeks and fry them over a low heat for 10 minutes, or until softened.
Add the stock, then the saffron, and cook over a medium heat for 10 minutes. Add the cream and simmer for five minutes.
Cool the mixture slightly, then tip into a blender or food processor and blend for one minute. Strain through a metal sieve and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Keep the coulis warm if it is to be served soon, otherwise reheat gently just before serving. Stir in the dill at the very last moment.
To serve, carefully peel the cling film off the fish parcels. Place one on each of four plates and brush with clarified butter.
Pile some of the deep-fried leek on top of each parcel and pour the leek coulis around the edge. Serve at once.
