Strawberry souffle with crumble topping and clotted cream
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/strawberry_souffl_with_51589
Michel Roux Jr.
Ingredients 
600g/1lb 5oz strawberries, hulled
4tbsp demerara sugar
1 lemon, juice only
2 tbsp kirsch
2 tbsp cornflour
10 free-range egg whites
85g/3oz caster sugar
225g/8oz clotted cream
1 tbsp chopped pistachios
1 tbsp nibbed almonds
1 tbsp demerara sugar
1 tbsp rolled oats
1 tbsp desiccated coconut
Instructions 
Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4.
For the souffle, grease and sugar eight ramekins.


Technique: Preparing ramekins to cook souffles										        				







Watch technique
0:26 mins
Heat the strawberries, sugar, lemon juice and two tablespoons water in a saucepan until simmering. Stir gently and cook until tender. Remove one or two strawberries per person for a garnish and pour over the kirsch.
Blend the rest of the mixture in a blender to a smooth puree. Pass the puree through a fine sieve into a clean saucepan. Mix the cornflour to a paste with two tablespoons of water and add this mixture to the puree. Bring the mixture to the boil, stirring continuously to avoid lumps.
For the crumble topping, mix all of the topping ingredients together in a bowl, then sprinkle onto a baking tray and bake in the oven for 4-5 minutes, or until golden-brown.
For the souffle, whisk the egg whites in a clean bowl until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed. Slowly whisk in the sugar until the mixture is glossy and stiff peaks form when the whisk is removed.


Technique: Whisking egg whites										        				







Watch technique
0:59 mins
Beat one-third of the egg whites into the strawberry puree until well combined, then carefully fold in the remaining egg whites.


Technique: How to fold egg whites into a mixture										        				







Watch technique
1:44 mins
Half-fill the ramekins with the souffle mixture, then add the reserved strawberries and fill the ramekins to the top.
Level the tops of the souffles with a palette knife, place onto a baking tray and bake in the oven for eight minutes. Carefully sprinkle over the crumble topping, then return to the oven for a further 2-3 minutes.
Serve with a quenelle of clotted cream on top.
