Tagliarini with sea bass, squid, mussels, clams, brown shrimps, tomato and parsley
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/taglieriniwithseabas_92548
Theo Randall
Ingredients 
4 tbsp olive oil
1 garlic clove, peeled, finely sliced
1 x 400g/14oz can chopped tomatoes
300g/10½oz small clams, cleaned (discard any clams that don't close tightly when firmly  tapped)
300g/10½oz mussels, cleaned and de-bearded (discard any mussels that don't close when firmly tapped) 
175ml/6fl oz dry white wine
2 x 220g/8oz sea bass fillets, skin removed, thinly sliced
250g/9oz squid (tentacles included), cleaned and finely sliced
100g/3½oz brown shrimps
1 tbsp chopped fresh flatleaf parsley
pinch dried chilli flakes
salt and freshly ground black pepper
250g/9oz fresh tagliarini
Instructions 
Heat a frying pan over a medium heat and add one tablespoon of the olive oil. Add half of the sliced garlic and cook for one minute, without browning. Add the chopped tomatoes, stir and cook for ten minutes, or until the volume of liquid has reduced slightly. Set aside.
Heat two lidded sauté pans over a medium heat and add one tablespoon of the olive oil to each pan. Divide the remaining sliced garlic equally between the two pans. Fry the garlic for one minute, without browning. Add the clams to one pan and the mussels to the other, then cover both pans with a  lid. (Cooking the mussels and clams beforehand and straining the liquid will prevent any grit  from the shellfish making its way into the finished dish.)
Cook the mussels and clams for two minutes, then add half of the white wine to each pan and cover again with the lids. Cook for for an additional four minutes, or until all the clams and mussels have opened (discard any shellfish that remain closed).
Strain the mussels and clams, discarding the liquid from the cooked clams but retaining the liquid from the cooked mussels. Set aside the mussels and clams, in their shells.
Heat the reserved liquid from the cooked mussels in a small saucepan until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Once the mussels and clams are cool enough to handle, remove the meat from the shells  and set aside.
In a large frying pan heat the remaining tablespoon of olive oil over a high heat. Add the sea bass and squid slices and cook for two minutes (the squid should colour slightly).
Add the cooked mussels and clams, the strained juice from cooking the mussels, the brown shrimps, chopped parsley and chilli flakes, then season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Reduce the heat and stir in the tomato sauce until warmed through.
Meanwhile, bring a large pan of salted water to the boil. Add the taglierini and cook for 2-3 minutes, or until al dente.
Drain the pasta and add it to the sauce in the pan. Toss well to combine and add more freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Divide equally among four serving plates.
