Vegetable gnocchi gratin
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/vegetable_gnocchi_gratin_53883
Cheryl Ferguson
Ingredients 
1 small butternut squash (about 600g/1lb 6oz), peeled, seeds removed, diced 
5 tbsp olive oil
sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
small bunch winter greens, such as kale, chopped
1 x 500g/1lb 2oz bag fresh gnocchi
1 red onion, diced 
1 sprig thyme, leaves only
1 sprig rosemary, leaves only, chopped
1 garlic clove, finely chopped
8 chestnut mushrooms, quartered 
1 small tub (about 200g/7oz) half-fat creme fraiche
150g/5oz soft goats' cheese
5 tbsp Japanese panko breadcrumbs, or fresh, dry white breadcrumbs 
25g/1oz grated parmesan
mixed leaves
1-2 tbsp olive oil
12 lemon, juice only
Instructions 
Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4.
Toss the butternut squash in three tablespoons of the olive oil and season with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper. Transfer to a baking tray and bake in the oven for about 20 minutes until softened and golden at the edges.
Meanwhile, bring a pan of salted water to the boil and blanch the kale for 2-3 minutes, then drain and set aside.
Boil the gnocchi according to packet instructions, drain and keep warm.
While the gnocchi is boiling, heat the remaining olive oil in a large frying pan. Add the onion, herbs and garlic and fry over a medium heat for five minutes until the onion is softened, then add the mushrooms and fry for 3-4 minutes. 


Technique: Learning to chop: dicing an onion										        				







Watch technique
1:47 mins
Stir the kale and roasted butternut squash into the vegetable mixture, then gently stir in the cooked gnocchi, creme fraiche and goats' cheese and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Pour everything into an ovenproof gratin dish and scatter over the breadcrumbs and parmesan.
Preheat the grill to its highest setting.
Place the dish under the grill for about five minutes, or until golden and bubbling. Dress the mixed leaves with olive oil and lemon juice and serve alongside the gnocchi.
