Venison tartare with celeriac remoulade, chestnuts and juniper toast
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/venison_tartare_with_19212
Adam Byatt
Ingredients 
100g/312oz sourdough bread, thinly sliced
drizzle olive oil
5 dried juniper berries, crushed
1 garlic clove
40ml/112fl oz white wine vinegar
15 drops Tabasco
20g/34oz Dijon mustard
40g/112oz tomato ketchup
3 silver anchovy fillets (boquerones)
1 dried juniper berry
1 small celeriac
3-4 tbsp salt
100ml/312fl oz creme fraiche
1 tsp wholegrain mustard
400g/14oz venison loin, fat trimmed, finely diced
1 large shallot, diced
12 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves chopped
50g/2oz cornichons, drained, diced
salt and freshly ground black pepper
4 quail egg yolks (reserve half of each shell to serve)
2 large fresh chestnuts, cooked, peeled and sliced
Instructions 
For the toast, preheat the grill to a medium setting.
Grill the sourdough slices for 1-2 minutes. Turn over and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle over the crushed juniper berries. Toast for 2 minutes or until golden-brown. Keep warm.
For the dressing, blend all of the dressing ingredients to a smooth puree in a food processor. Set aside until needed.
For the remoulade, peel the celeriac and cut the flesh into thin strips, sprinkling the strips with salt as you go to prevent it from discolouring and to absorb any moisture. Set aside for 3 minutes.
Wash the julienned celeriac under a cold running tap, then drain. Transfer to a large mixing bowl. Stir in the mustard and creme fraiche until well combined. Chill in the fridge until needed.
For the venison tartare, in a bowl, mix together the diced venison, shallot, parsley and cornichons. Pour over the dressing and mix until well combined, Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper, then mix again.
To serve, place one ring mould onto each of 4 serving plates. Divide the venison tartare equally among the ring moulds, pressing the meat down into the sides of the mould. Twist a helping of the celeriac remoulade around a fork and place it alongside the venison. Add a slice or two of toast and top each venison tartare with a half eggshell containing a quail egg yolk. Finally, garnish each plate with the chestnut slices.
