Winter vegetable crêpes with fondue sauce
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/winter_vegetable_crpes_89686
The Hairy Bikers
Ingredients 
1 tbsp olive oil
knob of butter 
150g/5oz butternut squash, peeled, seeds removed, flesh cut into 1cm/½in cubes
1 garlic clove, finely chopped
100g/4oz rainbow chard, stalks and leaves shredded
100g/4oz cavolo nero, tough stalks removed, leaves shredded
25g/1oz pine nuts 
½ lemon, grated zest and juice
pinch cayenne pepper
salt and freshly ground black pepper
110g/4oz plain flour 
pinch salt 
2 large free-range eggs 
175ml/6fl oz milk 
large knob of butter
570ml/1 pint milk 
40g/1½oz plain flour 
40g/1½oz butter 
75g/3oz Gruyère, grated  
50g/2oz Emmental, grated  
pinch freshly grated nutmeg 
pinch cayenne pepper
Instructions 
For the filling, heat the olive oil and butter in a large frying pan over a medium heat, add the squash and garlic and fry for 5-10 minutes, or until softened. Add the chard and cavolo nero and fry for 4-5 minutes, or until the leaves are just tender.
Meanwhile, toast the pine nuts in a small frying pan over a medium heat for 2-3 minutes, stirring regularly until golden-brown. Tip these into the pan with the vegetables.
Add the lemon zest and juice and season, to taste, with cayenne pepper and salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the crêpes, mix the flour and salt together in a bowl and make a well in the centre.  Crack in the eggs and begin to mix the ingredients slowly, adding the milk and whisking all the time until the mixture comes together as a smooth batter. Add a little water to loosen if needed.
Melt some of the butter in a large frying pan over a medium to high heat, then add a ladleful of the batter, swirling the pan until the bottom of the pan is completely coated in a thin layer of batter. Cook for 1-2 minutes, until bubbles appear on the surface of the crêpe, then flip over cook for a further minute or two until golden-brown. Transfer to a plate then repeat the process with the remaining batter, adding a little more butter to the pan when necessary. Keep warm, separated with sheets of greaseproof paper.
For the fondue sauce, place the milk, flour and butter into a saucepan and set it over a low-medium heat. Whisk continuously until the mixture starts to simmer, then continue whisking until you have a thick, smooth, glossy sauce. Simmer gently, without stirring, for a further two minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat and immediately whisk in the cheeses, both at the same time, until melted. Season, to taste, with salt, freshly ground black pepper and nutmeg.
To serve, spoon some of the filling in a line down the middle of each crêpe and roll them up. Transfer to serving plates and spoon over the fondue sauce. Finish with a sprinkle of cayenne pepper and serve straight away.
