Winter vegetable soup
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/winter_vegetable_soup_24185
The Hairy Bikers
Ingredients 
2 tbsp sunflower oil
1 onion, finely sliced
3 garlic cloves, finely sliced
2 carrots, cut into 1.5cm/¾in chunks
2 turnips, cut into 1.5cm/¾in chunks
1 large potato (preferably Maris Piper), cut into 1.5cm/¾in chunks
1 large parsnip, cut into 1.5cm/¾in chunks
2 heaped tsp paprika (sweet), plus extra to serve
1 heaped tsp hot smoked paprika
1 x 400g/14oz can chopped tomatoes
1 tbsp tomato purée
125g/4½oz chorizo sausage (we like picante), skinned and cut into 5mm slices
100g/3½oz Puy lentils, rinsed and drained
1.75 litres/3 pints stock, made with 1 chicken stock cube
100g/3½oz cavolo nero, kale or spring greens, tough midribs removed, shredded into 2cm/¾in pieces
flaked sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
soured cream or crème fraîche, to taste.
Instructions 
Heat the oil in a large non-stick saucepan or large flame-proof casserole and fry the onion and garlic gently for five minutes, or until softened but not coloured, stirring occasionally. While the onion is frying, cut the carrots, turnips, potatoes and parsnip into roughly 1.5cm/¾in chunks.
Add the root vegetables to the pan with the onion and garlic and cook over a low heat for five minutes, or until beginning to soften, stirring occasionally. Stir in both the sweet and smoked paprika and fry for a few minutes. Add the tomatoes and the tomato purée into the pan, increase the heat a little and cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring regularly.
Add the chorizo, Puy lentils and the stock into the pan and bring to the boil. Reduce the heat and simmer gently for 45 minutes, or until the vegetables and lentils are tender, stirring every now and then.
Add the cavolo nero, kale or spring greens to the pan with the vegetables. Cook for five minutes or until softened, stirring regularly.
Season the soup with salt and lots of freshly ground black pepper. Serve in deep bowls, with a dollop of soured cream or crème fraiche and a sprinkling of paprika.
