Carpaccio of cured venison with horseradish, chive and roasted walnut cream
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/carpaccioofcuredveni_86279
Noel McMeel
Ingredients 
1 boneless loin of venison, about 1kg/2lb 4oz 
rapeseed oil
150g/512oz sea salt
10 juniper berries, very finely crushed
3 star anise, very finely crushed
1 tbsp cracked black pepper
1 sprig rosemary, leaves only, very finely chopped 
2 sprigs thyme, leaves only, very finely chopped 
1 tbsp coriander seeds, crushed
1 tsp grated orange zest
1 tsp grated lemon zest 
salt and freshly ground black pepper
8 walnuts, shells removed
300ml/12 pint whipping cream
1 tsp freshly grated horseradish
1 tsp wholegrain mustard
5 chives, finely chopped
olive oil
a few chives
Instructions 
Heat a heavy pan until very hot, then sear the venison in a little oil over a high heat until lightly browned on all sides. This should take about three minutes. Remove from the pan.
Mix together the sea salt, juniper berries, star anise, black pepper, rosemary, thyme, coriander seeds, and orange and lemon zest on a baking tray, then spread out in a 3mm-thick layer. 


Technique: Zesting citrus fruit										        				







Watch technique
1:01 mins
Roll the warm venison in the spice mixture, making sure it is well coated all over. Wrap tightly in cling film and leave at room temperature for about two hours for the flavours to penetrate the meat, then freeze for at least four hours until solid.
Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4.
For the roasted walnut cream, spread the walnuts out on a baking tray and roast for five minutes. Using a tea towel, rub off the excess skin while the nuts are warm, then chop the nuts roughly and leave to cool. Whip the cream until it holds soft peaks when the whisk is removed. Mix in the walnuts, horseradish, mustard and chives. Add salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste. Keep in a covered bowl in the fridge until serving time.
To serve, unwrap the venison and slice very finely on a meat slicer or with a very sharp knife. Arrange the slices in a semi-circle on each of four plates and glaze with a little olive oil. Spoon the roasted walnut cream in the middle and garnish with chives.
