Apricot, chestnut and aduki balls with roasted vegetables and white wine miso gravy
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/apricot_chestnut_and_76988
Hemsley + Hemsley
Ingredients 
18-20 Brussels sprouts, trimmed (any larger sprouts cut in half through the root)
4 large carrots, peeled, trimmed, chopped
2 red onions, chopped   
4 large parsnips, peeled, trimmed, chopped
3-4 heaped tbsp coconut oil
handul chopped fresh herbs, such as rosemary or thyme
salt and freshly ground black pepper
1 tbsp coconut oil, plus extra for basting
2 tsp ground cumin
112 tsp ground turmeric
112 tsp ground cinnamon
1 large onion, finely chopped
3 garlic cloves, crushed                                                          
400g tin aduki beans, drained                                
50g/134oz chestnut flour
60g/214oz dried, ready-to-eat apricots,preferably organic, roughly chopped  
handful chopped fresh flatleaf parsley 
14 tsp cayenne pepper (or 1 tsp  chopped fresh chilli)
1 tsp salt
14 tsp freshly ground black pepper
2 small white onions, quartered
250ml/9fl oz white wine 
1 tbsp tamari 
1 tbsp unpasteurised miso paste, to taste  
small handul chopped fresh mixed herbs (optional)
Instructions 
Preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6. Line a baking tray with baking parchment.
Mix the vegetables together with the coconut oil in an ovenproof dish. Season with salt and black pepper. Sprinkle over the herbs. Roast in the oven for 18-20 minutes
Meanwhile, for the aduki balls, heat the coconut oil in a frying pan over a medium heat until melted. Add the cumin, turmeric and cinnamon and fry for 1-2 minutes, or until fragrant.
Add the onion and fry for 4-5 minutes, or until softened but not coloured, stirring well to coat it in the spices. Stir in the garlic and aduki beans and continue to fry for 2-3 minutes, squashing the beans with the back of a wooden spoon so that any excess moisture is released and evaporates.
Turn off the heat, then gently fold in the remaining aduki ball ingredients until well combined. Season with salt and pepper.
Roll 112 tablespoonful portions of the mixture into balls and place the balls on the prepared baking tray. Melt coconut oil and baste the aduki balls all over with it. Bake for 12-15 minutes, turning halfway through cooking, until crisp on the outside and heated through. Remove from the oven and keep warm.
Remove the roasted vegetables from the oven and stir. Continue to roast for a further 25-35 minutes, or until the vegetables are just tender.
Meanwhile, for the miso gravy, put the onions in a small saucepan. Add the wine and 250ml/9fl oz of water and bring to the boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 20-25 minutes, or until the onion has softened.
Stir in the tamari, miso and all of the herbs. Blend until smooth using a hand-held blender. Add a dash more water if necessary to loosen the gravy. Season with salt and pepper, adding a little more miso or tamari if desired.
To serve, divide the aduki balls equally among 4 serving plates. Spoon some of the roasted vegetables alongside. Serve the miso gravy in a jug to pass around the table.
