Boiled lemon and artichoke salad
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/boiledlemonandartich_84656
Rose Gray and Ruth Rogers
Ingredients 
2 thick-skinned lemons, preferably unwaxed
1 tsp sea salt
4 globe artichokes
75g/3oz blanched almonds, split into halves
2 tbsp finely chopped fresh thyme
2 tbsp honey
1 lemon, juice only
4 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
Instructions 
Place the whole lemons into a small saucepan, cover with water, add the salt and bring to the boil. Cover with a smaller saucepan lid turned upside down, or a heatproof saucer to keep the lemons below the surface of the water.  You may have to weigh the lid or saucer down, as the lemons will float to the surface.
Boil the lemons for 30 minutes, or until the lemons are soft and the skin can be pierced easily with a fork, then drain and set aside to cool.
Cook the artichokes in a separate pan of salted boiling water for 20 minutes, or until soft at the centre, then drain and set aside to cool.
Peel away the tough outer leaves of the artichokes and cut across the top to remove the upper, inedible section of the leaves and reveal the heart. Trim the stalks if they are stringy, and remove the choke (the furry yellow matter in the centre of the artichoke) if there is one. Cut the artichokes into quarters, then place in a bowl and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.


Technique: Preparing artichoke hearts										        				







Watch technique
5:27 mins
Cut the boiled lemons in half, then scoop out and discard the soft inner pulp and other stringy pith. Tear the skins of each half into 2-3 pieces and add to the artichokes.
Heat a small frying pan over a medium heat. Add the almonds and toast them, tossing over occasionally, to brown all over.
Add the toasted almonds and thyme leaves to the artichoke and lemon mixture.
Mix the honey with the lemon juice in a clean bowl and add the olive oil. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper, then pour the dressing over the artichokes and lemons. Mix together well and serve.
