Rack of lamb with mushroom ravioli, cep puree and wild mushroom sauce
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/rackoflambwithmushro_93222
James Martin
Ingredients 
300g/1012oz '00' pasta flour, plus extra for dusting
4 free-range eggs
25g/1oz butter
12 onion, peeled, finely chopped
2 fresh thyme sprigs, leaves only
75g/3oz field mushrooms, roughly chopped
salt and freshly ground black pepper
1 tbsp olive oil
25g/1oz butter
12 onion, peeled, finely chopped
1 garlic clove, peeled, finely chopped
50g/2oz dried ceps, soaked in 150ml/5fl oz hot water until softened, soaking water reserved
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
25g/1oz butter
125g/412 oz fresh mixed wild mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed
200ml/7fl oz red wine
200ml/7fl oz reduced beef stock
salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 x 300g/11oz lamb racks, French trimmed, 1 bone left at each end
salt and freshly ground black pepper
50g/2oz butter
2 tbsp olive oil
250g/9oz sweet potato, peeled, finely diced
1 fresh thyme sprig, leaves only
Instructions 
For the mushroom ravioli, blend the flour and 3 of the eggs in a food processor until the mixture resembles small breadcrumbs. Remove from the processor and knead on a lightly floured surface for 2-3 minutes, or until the dough is smooth and elastic.


Technique: How to knead bread dough										        				







Watch technique
1:58 mins
Cover the dough in cling film and set aside to rest in the fridge for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat the butter in a frying pan until foaming and fry the onion and thyme leaves for 1-2 minutes, or until softened. Add the mushrooms and cook for 3-4 minutes, or until golden-brown and the liquid from the mushrooms has been released. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Remove from the heat, roughly chop the mixture and set aside to cool.
To make the ravioli, weigh out about 300g/11oz of the pasta dough (you can store the remaining pasta dough in the fridge for up three days or in the freezer for up to three months). Lightly flour a clean work surface and work the rested dough into a rough rectangle shape with your fingers.
Flour the pasta machine. Starting at the lowest (thickest) setting, feed the dough through the machine, turning the handle with one hand and holding the dough as it comes through the machine with the other. Change the setting on the pasta machine to the next-thickest setting, flour it again and feed the pasta sheet through the machine again, as before.


Technique: Rolling pasta using a pasta machine										        				







Watch technique
3:22 mins
Repeat this process 3-4 more times, flouring the machine and changing the setting down each time.
Once the pasta sheets has reached the ideal thickness, cut it in half and place a sheet onto a lightly floured work surface. Place small spoonfuls of the cooked mushrooms at intervals along the sheet, leaving a gap of 10cm/4in in between each spoonful.
Beat the remaining egg in a bowl and brush it around each spoonful of the mushroom mixture. Place another sheet of pasta on top and press it down lightly around the spoonduls of mushrooms.
Using a 8cm/3in pastry cutter, cut out the ravioli. Store the ravioli in the fridge on well-floured greaseproof paper until needed.
Meanwhile, for the cep puree, heat the butter in a frying pan over a medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook for 1-2 minutes, or until softened. Add the soaked ceps and a teaspoon of the soaking water and continue to cook for another 1-2 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Blend the mixture in a food processor to a thick puree. You may need to add a little extra soaking water.
For the wild mushroom sauce, heat the butter in a frying pan over a medium heat. Add the wild mushrooms and fry for 2-3 minutes. Remove the mushrooms from the pan and set aside.
Add the wine to the same pan used to cook the mushrooms and continue to heat, scraping any brown bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, until the volume of the mixture has reduced by half. Add the beef stock and continue to cook until the volume of the mixture has reduced by half. Stir in the cooked wild mushrooms and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
For the rack of lamb, preheat the oven at 200C/400F/Gas 6.
Season the lamb racks, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat half the butter and one tablespoon of the olive oil in an ovenproof frying pan until and fry the lamb racks for 2-3 minutes on each side, or until golden-brown. Transfer to the oven to roast for 5-7 minutes (for medium), or until cooked to your liking. Remove from the oven and set the lamb aside on a warm plate to rest for 10 minutes. Once rested, carve each rack of lamb into 2 pieces.
Heat the remaining butter and olive oil in a frying pan and add the sweet potato and thyme and cook for 4-5 minutes, or until golden-brown and tender. season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Meanwhile, cook the ravioli in a large pan of simmering water, for 1-2 minutes, or until they float, then drain.
Mix the cooked ravioli and olive oil in a bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, spoon some of sweet potato into the middle of each of 4 serving plates. Top each with a piece of lamb then a mushroom ravioli and spoon some cep puree alongside. Finish each plate with a spoonful of wild mushroom sauce.
