Stir-fried crab with green Kampot pepper
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/stirfriedcrabwithgre_91769
Rick Stein
Ingredients 
1kg/2lb 2oz raw or cooked whole crabs (such as brown crab, mud crab or blue swimmer crab)
4 Kampot green peppercorn vines (available in Asian grocers or online), or 112 tbsp green peppercorns in brine, drained and rinsed
2 tbsp dark soy sauce
1 tsp palm sugar (available from Asian grocers; substitute golden caster sugar if unavailable)
2 tbsp vegetable oil
20g/1oz finely chopped garlic
112 tsp fish sauce
6 spring onions, trimmed and thinly sliced on the diagonal
Instructions 
If using live crabs, kill them humanely by turning them on their backs with the eyes facing you and driving a thick skewer or a sharp knife between the eyes, into the centre of the crab. Then, lift up the tail flap and drive the skewer or knife through the underside.
For both uncooked and cooked crabs, break off the tail flaps and discard. Break off the claws, then cut them in half at the joint with a large knife and lightly crack the shells of each piece with a hammer or the back of the knife. Chop the body section of each crab in half, then gently tug on the legs to pull the body pieces away from the back shell.
Turn each piece over and remove all ten of the spongy 'dead men's fingers' (soft gills) and discard. Cut each crab piece in half once more so there are two legs attached to each piece. Reserve the back shells for another recipe (such as for making stock).
If using green peppercorns in brine, place them into a mortar and lightly bruise with a pestle (fresh peppercorns on the vine will not require bruising).
In a small bowl, mix the soy sauce with the sugar until the sugar has dissolved, then set aside.
Heat a large wok over a high heat and add the oil. Fry the crab pieces for 2-3 minutes, then add the garlic and green peppercorns and cook for a few seconds before lowering the heat to medium. Add the fish sauce and 2-3 tablespoons of water, then cover the wok with a lid and cook for 4-5 minutes if using raw crab, 2-3 minutes if using cooked crab.
Remove the lid, then stir in the soy sauce and sugar mixture, followed by the spring onions. Mix well and turn the crab pieces over to coat evenly in the sauce.
To serve, spoon the crab pieces onto a large serving plate and drizzle over the sauce from the wok.
